>> Brian Holt: So
I'm gonna start up here with a section or
you could have it be a div,
it doesn't really matter.
And I'm just going to call it bg for
background.
And this is gonna be where
I put my background.
>> Brian Holt: In here, I'm gonna have
a bunch of what I called whole containers.
>> Brian Holt: I gave them each an ID.
So let's just do that,
an ID of equal to something like, hole-0.
Remember from Jen's class that an idea
is unique for each one of these, right.
So each one of them is going to be
hole zero, hole one, hole whatever.
And Inside of that, stadium,
put that on the whole container,
put that on the image.
I have multiple divs here, okay.
So inside of that I have another
div that's going to be the hole,
class = "hole".
>> Brian Holt: The id = "hole-0".
>> Brian Holt: And then here inside
of that, I'm gonna have an image.
>> Brian Holt: So, this is gonna be
an image, and right now I'm just gonna put
into something like mole-hungry or
something like that.
>> Brian Holt: And
it's all just gonna be mole.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
now I need 12 of these.
>> Brian Holt: Which is a lot
of copying and pasting, right?
So I could sit here and copy and
paste this a bunch, and then go back and
change all the numbers.
Let's just go ahead and grab it from,
rather than sit here and
write all of it out, we have mole.html.
I am going to grab it from out of here.